# Please download the datafile using this link
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Me0OcT_B3UBKdVe81YjmVJG8iL9U8tci/view?usp=sharing

## Demo1
Input query: I want to have some sushi

Requirements: Japanese

Based on the reviews and information available, I
would recommend trying out either "I Love Sushi"
or "Zen All-You-Can-Eat Sushi & Grill" for your
sushi cravings. Both restaurants have received
positive feedback for their fresh and tasty sushi,
as well as their friendly and attentive customer
service.   "I Love Sushi" stands out for its
authentic atmosphere, warm family-run vibes, and
affordable pricing, ensuring a satisfying meal
without breaking the bank. Their takeout service
also makes it a convenient option for a quick
sushi fix.  On the other hand, "Zen All-You-Can-
Eat Sushi & Grill" offers a great all-you-can-eat
sushi experience, perfect for those who want to
try a variety of sushi options. The menu is
accompanied by helpful photos, making it easier to
select your preferred dishes. Customers have also
raved about the generous portions at an affordable
price.  No matter which restaurant you choose, you
can expect to enjoy delicious sushi and have a
pleasant dining experience. So go ahead and
satisfy your sushi cravings at either "I Love
Sushi" or "Zen All-You-Can-Eat Sushi & Grill"!

## Demo2

Input query: I am so hungry, I want some food

Requirements: Chinese

I would recommend Jumbo Dim Sum
Dining for a Chinese dining experience. One
reviewer described the food as really good and the
portion size as generous, offering value for
money. While there was a comment about rudeness
from the staff, it is important to consider that
dim sum places often have fast-paced and efficient
service, which can sometimes come across as curt.
Overall, Jumbo Dim Sum Dining seems like a good
option for those seeking a satisfying, authentic
Chinese dining experience.

## Demo3

Input query: I want some yummy pizza

Requirements: Pizza

Both LovePizza and Famoso Neapolitan Pizzeria are
excellent choices for pizza lovers. LovePizza
stands out for its unique and delicious toppings,
such as truffle Parmesan sauce and Mac and cheese
pizza. The flavorful and substantial dough is also
a highlight. The staff is friendly and the modern
interior creates a hip atmosphere. On the other
hand, Famoso Neapolitan Pizzeria offers delicious
thin crust pizzas with rave reviews about the
Margarita Pizza and Ham and Pineapple Pizza with
fresh feta toppings. The artisan bread and
prosciutto-wrapped mozzarella balls are also
highly recommended. The atmosphere is great, and
the menu includes other tasty options like salads
and gelato. Overall, both restaurants guarantee a
satisfying and enjoyable pizza dining experience.
     
## Demo4

Input query: I want to have breakfast

Requirements: Vegan

I've got a couple of great restaurant
recommendations for you based on your preferences.
The first one is Highlevel Diner. They offer a
wide variety of comfort food, sandwiches, and
Canadian cuisine, with a special focus on vegan
and vegetarian options. Their breakfast specials
are especially popular, with rave reviews about
the taste and quality. Plus, if you're into
cycling, they even offer a discount for customers
who arrive by bike.   The second option is Cafe
Mosaics, which is known for its delicious vegan
and vegetarian dishes. They have an extensive menu
featuring pancakes, tofu scramble, sandwiches,
burgers, and even vegan desserts like chocolate
cake. Customers have praised their fast service,
generous portions, and reasonable prices. The
atmosphere at Cafe Mosaics is cozy and the staff
is friendly, making it a great spot to enjoy a
satisfying meal.  Both Highlevel Diner and Cafe
Mosaics are highly recommended options that cater
to your preference for vegan-friendly restaurants.
So, whether you're craving a comforting Canadian
dish or a delicious vegan breakfast, you can't go
wrong with either of these choices. Enjoy your
meal!
